Hello, freak bitches.
Now the blowback from this has been very intriguing, you know, as an outsider,
like looking at it for when I first heard about it, you know, I thought, well,
this mean angry, man.
Must've written some things saying that women's socket tech or they suck at
this. And you know,
and people are reacting to this blatant massage monistic tribe that
are ascribed that I, uh, was, was hearing about what, when I read it,
I was so confused. Cause I was like, where's the mean stuff?
Like where is this?
And you also think that the other thing that was really confusing was it,
some people were reprinting it without citations. Right.
Did that freak you out? Like when you were being misrepresented?
Yeah. Especially when people would say, oh,
it was so unscientific because it didn't have citation. Right.
And that was their entire argument.
Who did it, who printed it without scientist citations.
Cause some major publications, re-published it?
Yeah. I think it was Gizmodo or motherboard or something. Why the.
Would they do that without citations? That seems so unreasonable.
And so we're going to responsible.
I think a lot of these companies just have certain narrative that they're trying
to push. Yeah. And so like even, you know,
I've tried to talk to a lot of these reporters and I'll give hour long
interviews with some of them.
And at the end they'll just write the same sort of article of like,
oh yeah, he's just a massagist.
And so I think even if I can convince the individual journalists,
they are under pressure by their boss to
write a certain type of article.
God, what a weird world we're in right now when it comes to that,
because I was looking for something that could be,
could be like evidence of massage. The only thing that I could find,
and this is a very mild criticism, is that you were saying,
I believe used the term neurotic that women were more likely to be.
Neurotic. Neuroticism. Yeah.
That's one where a lot of women go, well, this guy. That's it.
That's all. I mean, but what did you base that on?
There's the psychological big five personality traits
and neuroticism is just one of them. Right.
But that's the actual term that they use and it's sort of unfortunate that
that's a term.
Yeah. It's that one I feel like maybe could have danced around that.
Yeah.
That's it? I think it's just, I was too much into the,
like I've seen the word so often that I didn't really associate it with neurotic
and negative.
Yeah. Well, I I've seen a bunch of your conversations.
I've listened to you talk to Ben Shapiro and a couple other folks. And uh,
you know, your thought process is very reasonable and very well sorted out.
And another thing that I'm not hearing anybody is how you wrote a whole page and
a half describing all the different ways that
women could be more involved in tech or you can encourage more women to tackle
it. This is not the work of a massage therapist.
This is the work of someone who's carefully considering an issue and looking at
it from a very, what, what I felt like, um, and correct me if I'm wrong,
but that you felt frustrated that you were looking at something that
was, uh, that people,
the way they were approaching this was they weren't looking at it for what it
was.
They had kind of decided how they were going to describe it and
how they were going to deal with it.
And it wasn't really based on facts or reality and certainly not on science.
And you sort of felt frustrated by this and you decided to try to interject with
as much of the current science as you could,
that could possibly explain choices,
not why women are bad at it. Not why were they, why they shouldn't be in it,
which is what I kept reading.
But more that why women choose to go into certain professions?
What could be the impediment and what we could do to maybe encourage more women
to do it, instead of doing this sort of a blanket style
diversity where you just like, oh, we need two of these. And we do two of those.
Right. Which is what I, I seem to think that they were doing. Is that,
is that a good assessment? Yeah. By the way, this will never trend on YouTube.
We might get 5 million hits. It'll be, I mean, that's a real problem too.
Like there's a lot of censorship when it comes to these sort of conversations.
Like they would rather look at me who looks like a meat head and look at you and
go, oh, well, these guys are just talking about women for an hour.
You know what I mean? Right. I mean, do you feel that.
Definitely. And I you'll be labeled alt-right now and.
I've already been labeled. All right.
It doesn't matter how many left-wing positions I support. I look. All right.
Yeah. Yeah. Which is obviously like sexist and.
Short misogynist, racist, all that stuff. Yeah.
Well, but I mean just labeling us because we're white men or something.
It certainly will because that it's.
Yeah. It's, it's prejudice. Yeah. I mean, I mean, it really is,
but people don't mind prejudices in that regard, you know,
they only like they don't,
they have an issue with prejudices when it comes to what they feel like are
disenfranchised or marginalized people,
but white people them. You know, he can't, you know, that's the thought process,
right? You can't be racist towards white people. So like,
what are the most egregious things like one of the most ridiculous things they
were trying to push when you were at these classes or meetings.
So, I mean,
besides the fact of just certain things in our hiring process that
would favor certain people,
which would create negative stereotypes for people just in general.
So like I,
one thing about stereotypes that they don't realize is that people will
automatically stereotypes no matter what, and it's based on their environment.
So, and we see this with affirmative action too, in academia,
where if you create a sort of situation where peop, uh,
portions of the population are performing differently,
then you'll automatically create the stereotype that, oh,
maybe all the Asians are smart and all of the other minorities aren't as
smart in this college, right?
Because you needed a 1600 to get in.
If you're Asian and you need lower otherwise.
And so you'll automatically create that stereotype.
And that's negative for everyone because, you know,
it creates this tension between the groups and they self-segregate because of
that. While if you just put everyone in the same level,
then they'll just intermingle and it'll be great. And so,
you know, that has its negative consequences and it may be illegal,
which is what I was trying to, uh, say in my document.
So that aspect, I think is bad, but then also, you know,
once you think that, oh, all of this is because of sexism.
And even though we can't really see overt signs of sexism, like, oh yeah,
you're a woman, therefore you're bad.
And no one is saying the sexist slurs or anything,
then it must be some low level bias that we all have.
And that's why they're pushing all this unconscious bias and microaggressions
and just increasing everyone's sensitivity to, oh,
you said something that could be interpreted in this one weird way.
And that might offend someone somewhere.
Therefore you should never say anything and it's really stifling.
Well,
I think we would all agree that we would all be better off if
we treated people nicer. You know, if we,
if we didn't have racism, if we didn't have sexism,
we just appreciated people for their qualities.
And just could be very objective about that. Um, but when you're,
I would imagine that when you're running a company as large as something like
Google, you kind of have to put fires out before you even see smoke. Right.
And like you,
the writings on the wall when it comes to criticism today and
anything that, that people can point to when it, you know, when it's,
whether it's, um, a percentage of women, the percentage of minorities,
whatever it is, where that they feel like is off. I mean,
people will write articles about this. It can damage your stock profile. Right.
I mean, it can,
it can like companies can take a hit on the stock market because of an article
that someone could write about a lack of diversity. Like, oh geez.
They all lack of diversity. I th th that's a real issue.
Yeah.
And there've been reports of companies that'll have these diversity programs and
then blackmail companies, if they don't take them. So say,
you know, they'll start complaining because you know,
all of these companies are the same and that they have about 20 to 30% women.
So they could do the same attack against anyone.
And so they blackmail companies say, oh,
you need to do these, these certain programs. And if you don't,
then we'll start doing external pressure on you.
So who are the companies that are blackmailing them? Uh, yes. For the groups,
at least from what I've heard. And this is all second hand is, uh,
a lot of the programs that,
so they'll hire contractors to perform some of the diversity programs.